Add issue template to check a repo is liable for banning (#1570)
jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ban_check.md

---
name: "U+2705 Repo Check"
about: "If you're concerned about banning, we can check your repo"
labels: question

---

<!--
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Use this form to check if a repository may be liable for banning.

👉 Please answer all these questions.

🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
-->

### A link to the repository

> ### Why are you concerned this repository maybe liable for banning? (For example, does it make a lot of API calls, create a lot of IO traffic?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why are you concerned this repository maybe liable for banning?

For example: it will have lots of users, it makes a lot of API calls, creates a lot of network traffic?
```
WDYT?

I thought adding the most common one "too many users" would make sense and then couldn't work out the grammar without changing the others as well. Swapped IO for network because my guess is no one (including me) will end up meaning the same thing with i/o as the next person.

Author: I like it, thanks!
